when it comes to bringing quality web
traffic to your site it takes a trusted
network with the best publishers and
technology to do it right the advertised
calm keyword marketplaces the world's
largest privately-held network of
pay-per-click publishers comprised of
the best in breed of search content and
email publishers we serve over 20
billion ad impressions monthly advertise
comms exclusive keyword marketplace
allows advertisers to increase their
reach across the web through trusted
publishers at affordable costs per click
we are a true auction bidding platform
this means your bid gives you complete
control over your ad visibility without
any complex ranking algorithms or black
box score e advertise com provides
advertisers highly qualified PPC traffic
with click shield the industry's leading
flick fraud protection system this
patented software actively removes and
blocks the low performing traffic that
you should not be paying for it unlike
other pay-per-click networks we provide
our advertisers with complete network
transparency this means you can
customize traffic sources on the
advertised comm Network you can do this
directly within our keyword marketing
center in real time our transparency
ensures optimal ROI and superior
performance in addition to keyword
targeted traffic advertisers can get
high quality run of network remnant
inventory delivering significant visitor
volumes starting at just a penny per
click ro and traffic is ideal for
general interest and content websites
any sites with visitor growth strategies
benefit from this effective and
ultra-low cost per visitor traffic
bidding on ro and allows advertisers
could change their bids by even
fractions of a penny
advertise calm keyword marketing offers
a wide range of powerful reporting and
targeting tools including the ability to
geo-target your ads locally right down
to the city register for your advertise
calm keyword marketing account today and
see your ads live in minutes delivering
excellent traffic through quality
partners at affordable prices that's how
advertise calm is online marketing made
easy